VICE NEWS	most important and symbolic Avenue here in Mexico City.
VICE NEWS	most important and symbolic Avenue here in Mexico City.
This school is known throughout the country for its ideology and practices left.
Inf’
a situation that seems to dominate the country to this day.
We are at the Monument to the Flag,
Now, of course, it is known for the tragedy that happened here.
and what Mexican authorities are doing to respond.
These buses had not been rented,
and that's when the shooting began.
AYUTZINAPA STUDENT	Ernesto Guerrero, one of the survivors to attack the police told us what happened.
Ernesto Guerrero, one of the survivors to attack the police told us what happened.
- Once we passed the town square,
the first patrol cars arrived,and [the police] began to use their weapons.
We began to defend ourselves M .
|‘m filming you, asshole.Keep aiming.
They cornered us.
With police in front, and patrol cars behind us,they started to Shoot at us.
Get an ambulance, he is dying!
were nabbed, placed in hoods,and thrown on a curb.
Afterwards, a police officerhand-picked the ones that were taken away.
- How were they taken?- In patrol cars.
to close of'f the area, protect it,
the injured were left bleeding out,
There is definitely a stigma Q `\ against the Normal school. '
And there is a tendency to criminalll'ze""i \\- .Ithe Normal School.
Rural Normal School to Raúl Isidro Burgos, in Ayotzinapa.
We wanted to understand its history and current situation.
Here, our peers sleep on the floor.
r. is something thablgg'eé/us very angry,
These are some of the many murals that are in school Ayotzinapa.
They have revolutionary messages, struggle and memory
there have been constant throughout the years.
On December 12, 2011,
He ended in bloodshed,
when state police shot and killed two students.
This is Calle Juan Alvarez.
when three buses were coming in this direction to take the main avenue.
when three buses were coming in this direction to take the main avenue.
,__ __, 	The police ambush in Iguala, where six people were killed and 43 disappeared,
mayor of Iguala in 2012.
I'llnl\l|"\ Ul- l-UU nIIUI-l-I-U I IIIl-UnABARCA'S WIFE*an.1’	On 26 September, the day of the attack,
According to federal investigators,
They were arrested by the connection they had with the shooting occurred in Iguala.
They began to look for them in the hills of Iguala with hopes of finding any sign of them.
We were told that the authorities were useless in the search for the missing students,
We were told that the authorities were useless in the search for the missing students,
Our operation involves the search forthe disappeared or killed Students,
Our operation involves the search forthe disappeared or killed students,
in p[eces where neither the armyFor the navy have gone to.l' '.I
in places where neither the armynor the navy have gone to.
and with no intention of having anyconfrontation with the government.
We are only Searching for these young students.'F
We are only Searching for these young students.Il.,Ay
We are only Searching for these young students.A
We are only searching for these young students.
A few days later, he was found the first of the clandestine graves around Iguala.
This place is called Pueblo Viejo.
Behind me, on that same hill,
This is where the first clandestine grave was found,
The locals know this place, and this hill, as a clandestine cemetery.
According to state police,
this area is territory of at least four criminal groups
They are operating here in Guerrero.
We are waiting for human rights defenders,
to come to record the discovery of another pit,
While these men voluntarily take a while looking for traces of the victims,
the Mexican government is just beginning to get involved, as we see today.
Here you can see they are waste biohazard.
The relatives and the students haveasked for an external team,
‘1...5. \...|., .4..a.. 15.8in._ _5 m. -	The Argentine Forensic Anthropology Team
Apparently _he is the cartel boss around here.	then, really, who's in charge here?
There's total impunity.
They are involved with organized crime.
And since they were funded by them,what are they going to do now?
Back to Normal Ayotzinapa to search for the parents and relatives of the missing,
Ayotzinapa graduate and father of one of the surviving students.
represent the face of crime and cruelty. 4"J,,»_
represent 'the face of crime and cruelty.l
It's not news to us that the government and thedrug cartels are colluding,
We now know that this was a crimeperpetrated by the state,
On October 11, the more mass graves were discovered around Iguala,
On October 11, the more mass graves were discovered around Iguala,
GUVERNUR UF GUERRERUaccording to the forensic studies,
Meanwhile, protesters clamored for the resignation of Aguirre,
Masked looted and burned the town hall of Iguala.
Masked looted and burned the town hall of Iguala.
It is not clear who these types;
Can anyone tell me where we are going and for what?
Lets go shopping!
After an hour of looting, federal police finally arrived on the scene.
to focus on finding somfor these priorities,`
/ from the honorable congressof the state of Guerrero.
Governor, do you have anything to sayabout the mayor's involvement in the crime?
Governor, do you have anything to sayabout the mayor's involvement in the Crime?	You are not going to make a statement about the mayors who are involved in crime?
Until then, the search had focused on finding remains of young people killed.
"’ I   f[They tool-E'rithr-.rv `a" "'Want them back alive.]	but the parents insisted that the search will focus on finding their children alive.
[They took them alive, we want them back alive.]	but the parents insisted that the search will focus on finding their children alive.
We are not going to give up.Our sons have to show up.
_ N'IUTHER UF MISSING STUDENT
MExlcn cnv
More frustrated than ever, on October 29,
More frustrated than ever, on October 29,
access to the press at the meeting were not allowed,
but one of the parents recorded this video on your phone.
but one of the parents recorded this video on your phone.
We are here to tell you,	We are here with the intention of telling you,
we put a period no longer than two or three days,
They are not in the mass graves,
I believe that if you don't have the capacityto give us an answer now,	I think, if you do not have the ability to give us the answer already,
took it for what it vias:one more speech from a politician,--N '  _ mr --_ ‘.In
and not as human remains.
and they decided together to call another gear,
We want to tell you all,
On November 4, the former mayor of Iguala and his wife were arrested in a house,
While this arrest approached investigators to solve the case,
While this arrest approached investigators to solve the case,
Ayotzinapa for students and parents of the missing, their struggle was just beginning.
Ayotzinapa for students and parents of the missing, their struggle was just beginning.
AYOTZINAPA NURNIAL SCHUULGUERRERU, mExlcU
v\
The government will pay for everything it is doing,
We would give our lives 'for our sons.
We would be willing to take up arms,
on the outskirts of a town called Cocula,
These men would, in theory, under this line of research,
These men would, in theory, under this line of research,
' “v
UI'I'IbL UI' II'IL HI |_UI'\|_‘ILil UENEI'XHLmExlco'UrTVf ‘F '1
Ul'l'lbl; UI' Inc HI IUnHLI 'UEHEHHLmExlcoclTY ' 5* '
He gave them a group of 43 or 44 young
To enter, it is necessary to open a locked gate.
the homicide of many people in the Cocula area.
They gathered in a hangar, and once again, access was restricted to the press.
.___ an*____	But we get this material from the hands of a parent.
The information they are giving me is_actually very bad news.	And the information they give me
It is really very bad news.
they were handed the students, andthen put them into trucks.
Then, they went down [into the ravine]and started a fire that lasted 15 hours,	The fanned Canyon.
one of the detainees described how students burned.
What did you do when you were down there?
We started laying out rocks in a circle.	They started putting stones, so that it was a circle
And we Started laying out the bodies like this.	and bodies and at first were so accommodating.
And they were set on fire from both sides.	And Duva and The huasaco set them from one side and another.
The fire, according to the confessions,
was [it from midnight, until 2pm the next day,
When the forensic experts examined the area,they found ashes and bone remains.
From ltheir characteristics,
In order for us to trust the resultsjwe' negdtpteforensic team that we appointedJA__ k.--i-'f	now if we appoint to make sure that they are,
If they can't assure us that we are talking mlabout Ithe Students,	we tell it to us.
If they can't assure us that Wé are tél'l'mugv ' 1about the students, 3-'	While they do not ensure that we are fellow normalistas
those who are there remnants,
they found in the dustbin of Cocula
[Fucking assassin government]
and people took to the streets to demonstrate once again.
and people took to the streets to demonstrate once again.
That night the courage finally broke out in Mexico City.
That night the courage finally broke out in Mexico City.
They beat and set fire to the door of 150 years of the National Palace.
They beat and set fire to the door of 150 years of the National Palace.
Although some who were there say that provocateurs paid by the government
They were probably killed in Cocula,
surely they expected
Firefighters are coming now.
questioning the investigation.
It has been demonstrated in almost every moment of the process,
Either way said they would wait the final results on the fate of their children
Today is November 20, 2014,
protests at Mexican consulates and embassies were recorded
guerrillas and organized crime trying to destabilize the country.
But no matter how questionable could be Ayotzinapa students,
as the authorities said probably occurred.
as the authorities said probably occurred.
Many people in Mexico wonders how many more Jose Luis Abarca in the country ?
Many people in Mexico wonders how many more Jose Luis Abarca in the country ?
y The truth fs tlfltat Mexico isa beautiful country. _
WI System is  Of the mbsfcorrupt systems in the world.
MI system is one of the mostCoraruptA systems in the world.
But independent analysts say that figure may be much higher.
i\	Some of those missing should be among the remains
That is the most important question facing the country and all its citizens today.
a.
iiNBEL GALEFHTA AYUTZINTIPH STUDENTSPRIJI'JIETEU LUCERU REUTERSAP
GERARUIJ LEU-"ILUIS ABADLUIS PRLUIfIIIIDVICIUR UIIWIRES
