for more than five hours.
This school is known throughout the country for its ideology and practices left.
This case has shocked the country,
generating samples of indignation and rage few times seen.
about two hours away to the north.
which according to students, they needed to go to a demonstration in Mexico City.
Around nine o'clock in the evening, buses students were leaving the city,
The police indiscriminately fired on three buses.
Ernesto Guerrero, one of the survivors to attack the police told us what happened.
which was all we could find,
and we yelled out, asking whythey were Shooting if we were unarmed.
We are unarmed.We don't have any weapons!
Why are you aiming at us?We are unarmed!
The only record of the attack is this video recorded by one of the students with your phone.
Show everyone how you take aim at students.
You have already killed one of us!
Many of the students fled, but others could not escape.
Afterwards, a police officerhand-picked the ones that were taken away.
They were taken away in patrol carsby the municipal police.
by unidentified people in vans.
Attorney Tlachinollan Human Rights Center in Guerrero.
The first attack took place,	He says that there were serious violations during that night in Iguala.
to close off the area, protect it, 2’~ `"l vs \*_
After that7 there was a second attack.
before the authorities intervened.
That Shows there were grievances
against the Ayotzinapa students.
Rural normal schools like Ayotzinapa
and they are based on communist principles.
Because it doesn't follow the economic model
that's been implementedby the current government.
One of the admission requirementsfor normal schools,
We met another student representative,
f' 1:2' "Q1/We get blankets and everything
basic School supplies are the most important.
basic School supplies are the most important.
Just seeing that our peers are still missing
_-_,/"'ris Something that makes us very angry,\ I
Because that's 43 students, 43 lives.
These are some of the many murals that are in school Ayotzinapa.
This guy here is Lucio Cabanas,
a guerrilla leader Guerrero,
a guerrilla leader Guerrero,
learn how to stand up for ourselves
and weeks later he died of his wounds.
¢\¥*'~`,`
| think there are certain momentsin the history of Guerrero
This is Calle Juan Alvarez.
his wife, Maria de los Angeles Pineda,
with seeking support to launch himself as a candidate for mayor in 2015.
Warriors States emerged to fractionate the Beltran Leyva cartel,
Warriors States emerged to fractionate the Beltran Leyva cartel,
Federal officials said the mayor's wife
On September 30, four days after the attack, Jose Luis Abarca requested a license charge
and shortly thereafter, he and his wife disappeared.
They began to look for them in the hills of Iguala with hopes of finding any sign of them.
These volunteers belong to a group of community policing
We were told that the authorities were useless in the search for the missing students,
We now know that the people trust us.
A few days later, he was found the first of the clandestine graves around Iguala.
which may be related to the disappearance of 43 students.
which may be related to the disappearance of 43 students.
The locals know this place, and this hill, as a clandestine cemetery.
I can only imagine the fear and terror
1|	where he would be buried with dozens of people.
We are `the people, we are not the police,like the police that you know.
You can trust us _because we are the people,and we are here for the people.
to come to record the discovery of another pit,
which may or may not be related to the case of normalistas.
which may or may not be related to the case of normalistas.
which may or may not be related to the case of normalistas.
Maybe there is someone buried here.
We also noticed that on the way to the pits there trash left by forensic experts.
1.nu.
'I	Here you can see they are waste biohazard.
The search has been inadequate,
He has been invited to investigate massacres in El Salvador, Congo, Bosnia, Colombia and elsewhere.
Apparently someone is watching us,
People have lost their trust in everylevel of government,
They have abandoned the peopleandthe towns.
How can they protect the people?
that the solution to our problems,
the solution for delinquency isin the people's hands.
as the days passed without any trace of the 43 normalistas.
I Ll-ll l- UI- I-I'l UI\ULFATHER UF SURVIVING STUDENT	as the days passed without any trace of the 43 normalistas.
I_ io is'i the state and the municipal governmentl‘ .
On October 11, the more mass graves were discovered around Iguala,
He announced that none of the 28 bodies found so far
He announced that none of the 28 bodies found so far
What I can sax for sure*
is that some of the bodies;
Meanwhile, protesters clamored for the resignation of Aguirre,
This was the first time they returned together to the crime scene.
or even by the government to discredit the peaceful protests.
This group went to a mall linked to the mayor of Iguala, and also ransacked.
After an hour of looting, federal police finally arrived on the scene.
After an hour of looting, federal police finally arrived on the scene.
Yeah, right.
On October 23, Governor Aguirre replied relinquishing his position,
/ "ln order to help the political environment,/f
from the honorable congress/ of the state of Guerrero.
FATHER UF MISSING STUDENTby telling us our sons are dead.
We are not going to give up.Our sons have to show up.
but one of the parents recorded this video on your phone.
that you have no more than two or three days,
and that ltells us that our Sons are alive.	and that wants to say to us, our boys are alive.
The agony is long,	The agony is long.
I believe that if you don't have the capacityto give us an answer now,	I think, if you do not have the ability to give us the answer already,
I believe that if you don't have the capacityto give us an answer now,	I think, if you do not have the ability to give us the answer already,
you should consider doing the same thingthat the governor of Guerrero did.	I think, if you do not have the ability to give us the answer already,
you should consider doing the same thingthat the governor of Guerrero did.	also you must be thinking the same as the governor of Guerrero.
His ineptitude is clear when you consider
that more than 34 days sincethe young men disappeared,
Because they took them alive,we want them back alive.
Because they took them alive,we want them back alive.
io the people of Guerrero,
While this arrest approached investigators to solve the case,
mourning, sadness and despair.
tells us one thing and doesn't deliver.
We would give our lives for our sons.
It located about 22 kilometers from Iguala.
The authorities came here based on the testimony
The authorities came here based on the testimony
These men would, in theory, under this line of research,
Federal officials are diving in this river.
and they say their only weapons are their notebooks and pens,
MTURNEY GENERAL	and he gave devastating news:
Authorities say the possible culprits led the students in vans to Cocula.
The testimonies end confessionsthat we have gathered,
But we get this material from the hands of a parent.
I have three detainees,
The information they are giving me isactually very bad news.	It is really very bad news.
by the San Juan bridge.	and thrown into the river, on the bridge of Rio San Juan.
In the material presented at the press conference by the prosecutor,
All rocks, and on top of the rockswe put rubber tires.
All rocks, and on top of the rockswe put rubber tires.
All rocks, and on top of the rockswe put rubber tires.	And the stone above the rim winnowed,
was lit from midnight, un_t_i|:2pm the next day,
we know they are human remains.
The parents refused to believe it.
they found in the dustbin of Cocula
experts from the University of Innsbruck, Austria.
On November 8, a day after the press conference,
Although some who were there say that provocateurs paid by the government
with the recent news,
And these trucks are exploiting.
after the statements of the prosecutor,
Although the government's version sounded sufficiently possible,
Why the parents or the general population would now believe the official version?
Either way said they would wait the final results on the fate of their children
. I: ' -`\ ~- . ,‘ l 	until the forensic team investigating Argentina finished.
TLATELULCU, MEXICI] CITY	even for someone with basic knowledge
In this square, the Plaza de las Tres Culturas,
They fired indiscriminately, like snipers from the building,
and they killed hundreds of students and demonstrators.
Even civilians living in this housing complex called Tlatelolco.
And we are here again, Mexican society,
Today is November 20, 2014,
from which the demonstrators will march toward the Zocalo,
By this time the protests over the missing students had become global.
protests at Mexican consulates and embassies were recorded
guerrillas and organized crime trying to destabilize the country.
guerrillas and organized crime trying to destabilize the country.
But no matter how questionable could be Ayotzinapa students,
as the authorities said probably occurred.
They want to close the case by sayingthat our sons are dead.
They want to close the casmying Ithat our sons are dead.`
But we believe they are alive.
How many other cities and towns are controlled
by drug gangs or kidnappers?
by drug gangs or kidnappers?
That _is what makes Mexico so dangerous.
It is estimated that more than half of the states in Mexico
found in the graves found near Iguala.
found in the graves found near Iguala.
Why would anyone want a mass extermination?
How can Mexico transform frustration and despair,
by this atmosphere of narco violence,
in concrete actions to create change?
SURDUSH ALUI Une Pun/:mer ALLD 'v'AERAEExecmr've Pmmmsr: VICE h'rtw JASUN TvTDIIEASupervising Pmmmsr: VICE fig-.m r-'IARTINA ‘JELTRIJNI
TmnsfafmnCnmrfiuafur ADRIAHA IUMA NSU;me DREWDIVERDansfamr ANDREAHUEL
GERARUIJ LEUNLuls mnLu|s Pmummn'-.flcmR mwaREs
GERARUIJ LEUNLUIS #BADLUIS PMUHIINU"JICTUR ULIVFARES
sUFin. 'nfrmuznHmmm HERHANUEZr-'IUISES HuRms|s| RUURIGUEZ
